Joe Hardy groaned, "Oh no, that feeling again." That head-spinning, nothing-seems-quite-as-it-should-be sensation. He couldn't focus properly. This feeling was a prominent feature of Saturday mornings after clubbing on Friday nights. Except today was Thursday morning.He dragged himself out of bed and stood up. Big mistake; his head pounded and he wavered unsteadily trying to find his balance. But he knew that he had to soldier on and get through. There was a pain in his face and his eyes hurt. He limped to the bathroom and looked at his reflection in the mirror.He had to look again, to make sure. He was positive that someone who felt as bad as he did should be looking like a corpse. He was right. Disheveled blond hair now covered his head. All his teeth twinged and his stomach burned. He remembered his brother saying that club scenes weren't his cup of tea and that Joe was more than capable of gathering information on their client's cheating husband all by his lonesome. The younger Hardy had obliged. It had been so boring watching the man go through girls like they were some commodity that Joe had treated himself to a few glasses of whiskey, neat.Only now, the lovely effects of the whiskey were quite gone, and only the nasty ones were left; the taste in the mouth, the splitting ache in the brow, and the impotence of not being able to clarify one's thoughts.The splash of cold water against his face felt refreshing. He stank of alcohol. A nice cold shower should do him good, he decided. He felt far from good.He finished a quick shower and then groaned. He was still dizzy. After unsuccessfully trying to pull on his pants for a few seconds, he realized it was his shirt he had been trying to pull on. Muttering under his breath, he reached for his pants.Once the daunting task of getting dressed was over, he walked into his brother's bedroom- empty. Right - his brother had spent the night at his girlfriend's.It meant he would have to make coffee and breakfast which was usually ready and waiting when his older brother was home. He gingerly walked to the kitchen and got the coffee started.The drive to Hardy &amp; Sons was a painful one. His head still hurt a lot and the dark sunglasses did absolutely nothing against the blinding sun. As he parked his van, Joe frowned. While following cheating spouses was good money, he was itching for a real case.After graduating, the brothers had obtained their PI license and together along with their father opened up Hardy &amp; Sons, a detective agency. Joe was a very good detective. Although he solved most of the cases that came their way with his older brother, he had solved a few on his own.He didn't have to itch any longer. As he made his way to the front door of his office, he noticed a beautiful young woman standing at the entrance of Hardy &amp; Sons. She had ash blonde hair and blue gray eyes that hinted of fear in them. "Hi, my name is Vanessa Bender," she said. The smile she gave Joe was strained.Frank woke up to see his longtime girlfriend, Callie Shaw, stretching her thin arms, yawning and making soft sighs to herself. She hugged her little shoulders, her eyelids fluttering, and she smiled with her mouth closed, content.For a little while he pretended to be asleep, watching her enjoy the breeze and the sunlight, the coolness of the bed, or whatever it was that seemed to bring her so much happiness. He held his breath and drank in her beauty as she silently slid out of the bed. Her toes touched the floor and she moved across the room, her hips swaying as if she weighed nothing at all.After all this time, Frank was still astounded by just how deeply he cared for her. Kissing her lips was like drinking great draughts of cool milk and spiced honey. She was his sense of peace in the chaos of the world.